Continuing with the same workflow, we'll
add a filter tool to remove transactions
that do not include a facial.
Earlier, using the summarize tool,
we created a field called
facial flag that has one for
transactions that included a facial and
zero for transactions without a facial.
We can connect our filter tool to
the output of the summarize tool, and
use a basic filter of facial flag
equals one to get the data we want.
We can easily generate a unique list
of stores by using the summarize tool
again.
Dragging a summarize
tool onto the canvas,
we can group by region and store to get
a unique list of stores in each region.
We would also like the store list to
include whether the store
was a treatment store.
This information is contained in
the treatment store's Excel file.
Using the input data tool,
we can import this data.
We only need the store and test group
information, so we'll use the select
tool to deselect price level and rename
the test price level to test group.
Using a join tool we are able to add the
treatment store data to the main data
stream.
Dragging the join tool onto the canvas
will join the data on the store field
and will deselect the right store field
since we don't need the store data
twice.
Since we are joining the treatment store
data with data from all the stores
the join tool will produce two
data streams we are interested in.
The L output will be the control
candidates stores, and
the J output will be
the treatment stores.
Looking at the L and
J outputs, we see that the L output
is missing the test group field.
We can use a formula tool to add a field
to identify the control candidate
stores.
Adding a formula field onto the canvas.
Connected to the L output of the join
tool, and create a new field,
with the same name and type as
the test group field, in the J output.
For the expression type in CC.
This will add the field
test group to the data.
With a value of CC for
all the control stores.
Next, let's combine
the two tables together.
Since both tables have the same fields,
we can easily combine the data
using the union tool.
Connect the two streams
to the union tool.
We now have the data set that we wanted,
a listing of stores with the region and
test group associated with each store.
Let's save the data using
an output data tool for later use.
We'll save it as store list, .YXDB.